Q: In SAP Central Business Configuration, which changes are possible for the Starter System after content activation? (3 correct)
1C. Add new organizational entities
2C. Edit existing product-specific configurations
3C. Create additional product-specific configurations
4. Delete existing organizational entities
5. Change the group ledger scenario

Q: In SAP Central Business Configuration, which activities can you perform in the Product-Specific Configuration Phase? (3 correct)
1C. Add new sales organizations.
2C. Add blocking reasons for billing.
3C. Change approval thresholds.
4. Modify building blocks.
5. Create new scope items.

Q: What test process types are available in the Manage Your Test Processes app? (3 correct)
1C. Standard
2C. Custom
3C. Post-upgrade
4. Regression
5. Integration

Q: What are some responsibilities of a Customer Center of Expertise (CCOE)? (3 correct)
1C. Conduct risk-based assessments to determine the value of activating new processes.
2C. Reduce the total cost of ownership for IT.
3C. Determine KPIs that will support a continuous improvement mindset.
4. Ensure the resources necessary for the project's success are available
5. Serve as a central contact for SAP and manage interactions with the SAP Service Center

Q: Which of the following can be transported using the Software Collection apps in SAP S/4HANA Cloud, public edition? (2 correct)
1C. UI variants and changes
2C. Custom business objects
3. Custom business roles
4. Migration projects

Q: Where can you find packaged integration content if there is no SAP Best Practices content available?
1C. SAP API Business Hub
2. SAP Fiori Apps Reference Library
3. SAP Business Technology Platform Cockpit
4. SAP Extensibility Explorer

Q: Which tool do you use to run the SAP Cloud Integration Automation Service for SAP S/4HANA Cloud, public edition?
1C. SAP Maintenance Planner
2. SAP Solution Manager
3. SAP Activate Roadmap
4. SAP Best Practices Explorer

Q: How can you migrate data to SAP S/4HANA Cloud, public edition? (2 correct)
1C. Staging database
2C. File templates
3. Core Data Services
4. RFC calls

Q: You need to integrate the headquarters of a company running on SAP S/4HANA with a subsidiary running on SAP S/4HANA Cloud, public edition. (2 correct)
1C. SAP Cloud Connector
2. SAP Open Connectors
3C. SAP Cloud Integration
4. SAP Process Orchestration

Q: What field must be maintained before you can execute the Purchase Contract (BMD) process? (2 correct)
1C. Supplier
2C. Purchasing organization
3. Purchasing info record
4. arehouse number

Q: Which of the following characteristics apply to Service Procurement in SAP S/4HANA Cloud, public edition? (2 correct)
1. Creates separate invoices for materials and lean-services line items for mixed orders including materials
2C. Allows suppliers to create ship notices and service sheets for mixed orders
3C. Provides guided buying capability for planned and unplanned lean services and mixed orders including materials
4. Provides a seamless flow from purchase orders in SAP S/4HANA Cloud to purchase order confirmation in SAP Concur

Q: Which SAP Fiori app is used in the Sourcing with SAP Ariba Sourcing (4BL) process?
1. Compare Supplier Quotations
2B. Manage RFQs
3. Create Purchase Order
4. Create Supplier Invoice

Q: In the template-based migration approach, what is the maximum file size? (2 correct)
1. 160 MB per ZIP file
2C. 160 MB per XML file
3. 100 MB per XML file
4C. 100 MB per ZIP file

Q: In SAP Central Business Configuration, what does the "Confirm Scope and Organizational Structure is Completed" milestone trigger in the Implementation Project?
1. Installation of the Starter System
2C. Installation of the Production System
3. Initial Transport from Quality to Production
4. Installation of the Quality System

Q: Which transition scenario fits a customer who is interested in moving to SAP S/4HANA Cloud, but is not ready for full process redesign?
1. System Conversion
2. New Implementation
3. Landscape Transformation
4C. Selective Data Transition

Q: You are performing data migration using the SAP S/4HANA Migration Cockpit. The same record exists twice in your upload file. At which stage does the upload of the migration template fail due to the duplicated record?
1. Execute Import
2. Validate Data
3C. Simulate Import
4. Convert Values

Q: What can a business user do with personal settings? (2 correct)
1C. Change the format of dates and numbers.
2. Merge two or more columns into a single column.
3C. Change the order of columns in a table.
4. Modify the UI layout of the app.

Q: Which activities are completed in SAP Central Business Configuration? (2 correct)
1C. Add customer-specific data within SAP Best Practices content.
2. Create customer-specific master data.
3C. Add extensions to standard processes.
4. Activate countries not covered by SAP Best Practices.

Q: Where do you specify the retention time of temporary data in the SAP S/4HANA Migration Cockpit?
1C. In the migration object template
2. In the migration project
3. In the staging tables
4. In the migration object

Q: What can you do with the Manage Your Test Processes SAP Fiori app? (2 correct)
1C. Create a test user.
2C. Define test plan variants
3. Record new actions.
4. Assign a test role

Q: Which cloud computing service enables you to build and deploy applications?
1. IPaaS
2. IaaS
3. Saas
4C. PaaS

Q: What is the purpose of the Test Automation Tool?
1. Populates business data for each testscreen.
2C. Performs actions in a simulated user interface on behalf of the assigned test user.
3. Provides information on your actual tenant configuration.
4. Provides information on the business app(s) to be used for testing

Q: For which of the following activities the starter system used?
1. Document delta requirements in the backlog.
2C. Transport the solution configuration to the quality system.
3. Run integration testing.
4. Set up the Test Automation Tool.

Q: What are some characteristics of SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud? (3 correct)
1C. Customers can bring their own licensed SAP applications.
2C. It is an Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) plus managed services
3C. Services include provisioning, patching, and upgrading.
4. SAP runs your application in a shared environment
5. It is a Platform as a Service (PaaS) plus managed services.

Q: What are some services SAP delivers as part of the RISE with SAP S/4HANA Cloud solution? (2 correct)
1. Infrastructure management
2C. Release upgrade planning
3C. Technical upgrade installation
4. Business process configuration

Q: When setting up integrations with external systems, how many communication arrangements should you create?
1. One for each external system you want to interface with
2. One for each communication user you intend to use
3. One for each communication protocol you are using
4C. One for each communication scenario you are implementing