Q:  Which of the following Business Add-Ins (BAdls) are available for the Fiori app Create Internal Projects? (3 correct)
1C. Authorization to Change Project Stage
2. Project Element Determination
3C. Send email
4. Project Validation
5C. Generate Project IDs

Q:  How are analytics capabilities built into SAP S/4HANA Cloud?
1C. They are embedded in the same technical stack as the application
2. They are installed on a dedicated SAP Fiori frontend server
3. They are installed as an add-on to the application
4. They are extended by the user to a dedicated SAP Fiori frontend server

Q:  Which resources do you use when planning a Fit-to-Standard workshop? (2 correct)
1. Legacy system configurations
2. Business process test automates
3C. Test scripts
4C. Business process flows

Q:  How can business users create new analytics content? (3 correct)
1C. Combine current and historical data
2C. Create additional key figures in existing data sources
3. Change underlying database tables of standard data sources
4. Change existing data sources by adding filters
5C. Create new data sources via joins of standard data sources

Q:  Which of the following functions are available when you create billing documents from the billing due list items? (3 correct)
1C. Create an individual billing document for each processed billing due list item
2. Run parallel processing for billing document creation
3. Log billing document information messages
4C. Create a collective billing document for multiple billing due list items
5C. View billing document details

Q:  Which activities can you execute in the Maintain Business Roles SAP Fiori app? (2 correct)
1C. Assign business catalogs to a business role
2. Maintain catalog roles
3. Assign PFCG profiles to a business role
4C. Maintain restrictions

Q:  What are your options if an out-of-the-box integration between SAP S/4HANA Cloud and another SAP solution is NOT available? (2 correct)
1C. Integration tools
2C. Whitelisted APIs
3. Unrestricted firewall
4. Infrastructure as a Service

Q:  Which of the following contract types are available when defining how to bill the customer? (3 correct)
1C. Periodic services
2C. Time and expenses
3. Periodic billing
4C. Fixed price
5. Time based

Q: Which of the following KPI cards in the advanced version of Fiori app Resource Management for Projects allow you to access the Manage Project Staffing app? (2 correct)
1C. Open Resource Requests
2. Average Resource Utilization
3. Resources with Free Capacity
4C. Staffed and Required Hours by Role

Q: Which apps enable you to access the queries related to Margin Analysis & Utilization Analysis? (2 correct)
1C. Query Browser
2C. View Browser
3. Create Customer Projects
4. Custom CDS Views

Q: What is the purpose of the Starter system in the SAP S/4HANA Cloud implementation project?
1. To configure the customer's personalized solution for demonstration and testing during the Realize phase
2C. TO demonstrate SAP Best Practices processes in a preconfigured system and identify customer personalization requirements
3. To conduct a blueprint workshop to identify all customer requirements for a completely customized solution
4. TO demonstrate the customer's personalized solution, including process flows, the organizational structure, and authorizations

Q: Which adjustments can be made using Custom Analytical Queries? (3 correct)
1C. Trace development objects in a query
2C. Convert unit measures for fields in the Data Source
3C. Suppress rows or columns containing zeros
4. Modularize your custom code for use in queries
5. Copy a query from an SAP-delivered standard query

Q: In which implementation phase do you perform data load preparation?
1C. Explore
2. Prepare
3. Deploy
4. Realize

Q: Under which circumstances would the Resourse Manager receive multiple resource requests for the same project or work package? (2 correct)
1. A resource request for a work package may require multiple resources.
2C. A project usually consists of multiple work packages, which may require multiple roles.
3C. A work package can contain more than one request for the same project role.
4. A resource request can represent multiple project roles that need to be staffed.

Q: Which parameters are mandatory to schedule a revenue recognition job in Fiori app Run Revenue Recognition - Projects? (3 correct)
1. Project Definition
2C. Company code
3. WBS Element
4C. Ledger
5C. To period

Q: Based on the SAP Activate methodology, which activities must you perform in the Explore phase? (2 correct)
1. Use the Quality system to demonstrate SAP Best Practices processes
2C. Use the Starter system to demonstrate SAP Best Practices processes
3. Configure the organizational structure and chart of accounts in the system
4C. Conduct the Fit-to-Standard workshops to enable customers and identify gaps

Q: Which Fiori app enables Project Managers to view and analyze the staffing situation for their projects?
1C. Project Staffing Analysis
2. Margin Analysis
3. Project Profitability Overview
4. Utilization Analysis

Q: Which types of datasets are required for predictive scenarios? (2 correct)
1C. Training Dataset
2. Active Dataset
3. Apply Dataset
4C. Testing Dataset

Q: Which of the following are mandatory fields when running a settlement for an internal project? (3 correct)
1. Test Run
2. Posting period
3C. Processing type
4C. Fiscal Year
5C. Settlement period

Q: In the SAP Best Practices Internal Project Management - ProjectBased Services (1A8) scenario, which account assignment categories are supported when maintaining settlement rules? (3 correct)
1. Project
2C. WBS element
3C. Cost center
4. Network
5C. G/L account

Q: What are key activities of the Prepare phase of the SAP Activate methodology? (3 correct)
1C. Project setup
2C. Customer self-enablement
3. Data migration
4C. Starter system provisioning
5. User training

Q: Which components are required to integrate SAP S/4HANA Cloud with SAP Project Companion? (3 correct)
1. SAP CoPilot
2C. SAP Cloud Platform Mobile Services subscription
3C. SAP Cloud Platform Identity Authentication
4C. SAP Cloud Platform consumer account
5. SAP Concur

Q: Which tasks can the Project Manager perform through Fiori app Release Billing Proposals - Due Today? (2 correct)
1. Delete billing proposals
2C. Edit billing proposals
3. Create billing document
4C. Postpone billing proposal

Q: Which apps can be accessed from the KPI cards in the advanced version of Fiori app Resource Management for Projects? (2 correct)
1. Manage Project Assignments
2C. Manage Project Staffing
3C. Manage Resource Utilization
4. Manage Resource Requests

Q: What determines the set of data migration objects available from the Migrate Your Data application?
1. The selected target fields
2C. The selected business scenarios
3. The customer legacy system
4. The selected source system

Q: Which of the following are primary tasks of Project Managers? (3 correct)
1. Create customer invoice
2C. Plan work packages and efforts
3C. Maintain project staffing
4C. Maintain project billing
5. Create billing proposal

Q: Which of the following does the CDS view I_JournalEntryltemCube allow you to report on? (2 correct)
1. The project manager, project accountant, and project partner for the project actual quantities
2C. The actual amounts per project, WBS element and G/L account in company code currency
3. Your pricing master data for activity types and service cost levels
4C. The customer, functional area, company code and G/L account for project actual amounts and quantities

Q: Based on the SAP Activate methodology, which of the following tests are formal, and therefore must be documented during implementation? (2 correct)
1C. Business process test
2. Unit test
3C. Integration test
4. String test

Q: What tasks can the Resource Manager perform through the Fiori apps that are available in the advanced version of Resource Management? (2 correct)
1C. Staff resource requests for project roles
2. Transfer actual working times
3. Maintain skills for work items
4C. Monitor and analyze resource utilization

Q: What are the prerequisites for using the SAP Fiori Test Your Processes app? (2 correct)
1. The productive system is connected to the implementation landscape
2. The test scripts are uploaded in the productive system
3C. SAP Best Practices are activated in the quality system
4C. The quality system is connected to the Test Execution Service on SAP Cloud Platform

Q: Which activity do you perform during the data load with the Generate Intercompany Billing Request app?
1C. Schedule the generation of a Debit Memo Request for intercompany billing
2. Generate the intercompany invoice
3. Generate the intercompany debit memo
4. Schedule the generation of an Invoice for intercompany billing

Q: Which of the following tasks can be performed through the Billing Request Editor? (2 correct)
1. Release billing proposal
2. Remove billing block
3C. Change debit memo request
4C. Change billing document request

Q: Which replication scenarios are supported through the integration between SAP S/4HANA Cloud and SAP SuccessFactors Employee Central? (3 correct)
1. Bank data
2C. Employee data
3. WBS element data
4C. Cost center data
5C. Timesheet data

Q: Where do you enable a customer-specific field to be available for UIs and reports relevant for the same business context?
1. In the Maintain SAP Business Technology Platform Extensions app
2C. In the Custom Fields and Logic app
3. In the Extensibility Cockpit app
4. In the Runtime Authoring mode

Q: Which activity do you perform during the data load preparation?
1C. Fill in migration templates with legacy data
2. Resolve data issues from the simulation process
3. Define specifications for data extraction on legacy system
4. Simulate data load in the new cloud system

Q: Which Fiori app can be used by employees to record time on work packages and work items for customer and internal projects?
1. Project Timesheet
2. Maintain Timesheet
3C. Manage My Timesheet
4. My Timesheet

Q: In what scenario will there be multiple resource requests for the same project role?
1. Multiple skills have been assigned to the same project role.
2. The resource assigned to the work package consists of multiple individual employees.
3C. Multiple work items have been created for the same project role.
4. The estimated effort for the project role exceeds the work package duration.

Q: What are the steps for conducting automated business process testing? (3 correct)
1. Create a test system
2C. Create a test plan
3C. Correct and rerun failed test processes
4. Assess data management
5C. Run the test

Q: You want to authenticate employees in SAP Cloud Identity. In which app can you download a .CSV file with the list of users?
1C. Maintain business users
2. Maintain catalog roles
3. Maintain business roles
4. Maintain communication users

Q: A customer needs detailed customization to the standard forms and email templates. What solution should the consultant propose?
1. Create a custom Ul with the Custom Fields and Logic app
2. Use the corresponding configuration items to modify elements of the form template
3C. Use the Adobe Livecycle Designer tool to edit a standard template
4. Use the Output Management apps to customize a standard template

Q: In what phase of the SAP Activate methodology do you test the business processes?
1. Deploy
2. Prepare
3C. Realize
4. Explore

Q: Which steps are required for data load preparation? (3 correct)
1C. Design programs or reports required to extract data and initiate data cleansing
2C. Determine data requirements based on scenario reviews
3. Perform full data load to determine the required loading times
4C. Review data load templates and determine data mapping
5. Determine if public or private cloud is required for data migration

Q: In case temporary adjustments have been entered, which of the following tasks can be performed to adjust the recognized revenue? (2 correct)
1. Recalculate planned values at work package level
2C. Execute a periodic revenue recognition run
3C. Recalculate revenue recognition for the affected WBS elements
4. Adjust POC manually

Q: How is the project sales order created for customer engagements?
1. Manually before creating the customer project
2. Automatically after setting the project to "in execution"
3C. Automatically after maintaining project billing
4. Manually after creating the customer project

Q: How is the productive system configured? (2 correct)
1. Through the Solution Documentation component of the SAP Solution Manager
2C. Through Central Business Configuration (CBC) in SAP Business Technology Platform
3. Via the Cloud Application Lifecycle Management (CALM) Implementation Portal
4C. Through transports from the quality system

Q: If an intercompany invoice is posted automatically to the accounts payables of the ordering company, which activities have already occurred? (2 correct)
1C. A billing document with reference to the debit memo request was created by the delivering company.
2. The event-based revenue recognition has been completed for the project.
3. A consumption material was requested for a customer project and a purchase order was created and sent to the supplier.
4C. The delivering company posted expenses and recorded time on the customer project.

Q: Which of the following are customizations that key users can make in the Custom Fields and Logic app to extend the Manage My Timesheet app? (2 correct)
1C. Regroup and rename fields
2. Enable confirmation e-mails
3. Integrate third-party applications
4C. Add additional fields to forms and tables

Q: Which technology is used to integrate SAP S/4HANA Cloud with other SAP and non-SAP applications?
1C. Direct connectivity
2. SAP Change and Transport System
3. SQLConnect function
4. SAP Landscape Transformation Replication Server

Q: When can you add relationships in the organizational structure in SAP Central Business Configuration? (2 correct)
1C. Before defining the primary finance settings
2. Before initial content activation
3C. During content activation
4. After content activation

Q: In the SAP Best Practices Time Recording - ProjectBased Services (J12) scenario, which of the following settings can be enabled via SSCUI Maintain Data Entry Profiles? (3 correct)
1. Switch on the field 'All Project Phases' to enable timesheet posting to be made regardless of project status
2. Enable the field 'WBS Element' to allow users to specify the project task they are recording time against
3C. Switch on or off the approval process
4C. Enable the field 'Work Location' to allow users to enter work location when recording the time in timesheet application
5C. Switch on the field 'Extensibility Mode' to enable the extensibility of the timesheet application

Q: How is the actual availability of a resource for project assignments calculated?
1. Available hours = Staffed hours - Free hours
2C. Free hours = Available hours - Staffed hours
3. Free hours = Staffed hours - Available hours
4. Available hours = Free hours - Staffed hours

Q: What are the available methods through which you can fill staging tables in the SAP HANA database of the target system? (3 correct)
1C. SAP HANA Smart Data Integration (SDI)
2. SAP Smart Data Access
3C. XML templates
4C. Customer's ETL tools
5. SAP SQL Anywhere

Q: How does the system determine the default currency for an internal project?
1. From the user default settings
2. From the controlling area of the profit center
3. From the settings of the Create Internal Project app
4C. From the company code of the service organization

Q: You are reordering purchase order items with reference to a purchasing document that already exists. Which of the following documents can be used? (3 correct)
1C. A purchase order item
2C. A purchase contract itemD
3C. An info record
4. An Intrastat report
5. service entry sheet

Q: Which CDS queries allow you to analyze Customer Projects? (2 correct)
1C. C_EngmtProjWorkAnIysQuery
2. C_EngmntProjStaffingAnlysQuery
3. C_EngmtProjComAnlysQuery
4C. C_EngmtProjMargAnl sQuery

Q: What sales document can be transformed into a customer invoice?
1. Billing document
2. Request for quotation
3. Credit memo request
4C. Debit memo request

Q: Why is de-coupling your extensions from SAP S/4HANA Cloud required? (2 correct)
1. To enhance existing functionality within the application itself
2. To allow customers to take advantage of predefined user exits
3C. To guarantee the stability of the system
4C. To ensure extensions do not conflict with SAP software updates

Q: In the SAP Best Practices Intercompany Processes - Project-Based Services (16T) scenario, how is the intercompany sales order created?
1. Manually for each project engagement
2. Manually as a one time activity in your SAP S/4HANA Cloud tenant
3C. Manually as a one time activity for each delivering company
4. Manually as a one time activity for each distinct project customer

Q: What can you use the View Browser app to do?
1. Launch analytic cloud stories
2C. Display custom SAP views irrespective of draft or released status
3. Create, edit, and delete CDS views
4. Get a list of all available analytical CDS views and their artifacts

Q: Which organizational units are directly linked to a plant? (2 correct)
1C. Company code
2. Credit control area
3C. Storage location
4. Sales office

Q: What tasks are listed by default for contingent workers in the My Tasks side panel of the Manage My Timesheet app?
1. None. Tasks must be manually added using Maintain Data Entry Profiles.
2. Accounting objects, including WBS element and cost center
3C. None. Tasks must be manually added using Manage My Tasks.
4. Non-project-related tasks, including administration, training, and travel time

Q: What SAP solution provides collaboration capabilities to increase workforce productivity?
1. SAP Concur
2C. SAP Jam
3. SAP SuccessFactors Employee Central
4. SAP Fieldglass

Q: Which of the following business roles are required to analyze the Margin & Work Analysis for Projects? (2 correct)
1C. Project Manager - Commercial Services
2. Analysis Accountant
3. Margin Analyst
4C. Analytics Specialist

Q: Which tasks can the Project Manager perform through Fiori app Nofity Missing Time? (3 correct)
1. Approve a project member's timesheet.
2C. Check a project member's time recording status.
3. Change the sender e-mail address.
4C. Edit a project member's timesheet.
5C. Navigate to the employee factsheet.

Q: Which of the following actions are possible directly through Fiori app Manage Billing Documents? (3 correct)
1C. Display billing documents
2C. Post billing documents
3C. Cancel billing documents
4. Send for approval
5. Create billing documents

Q: You are reviewing the Open Resource Requests KPI card in the Fiori app Resource Management for Projects. What are the possible urgency groupings? (2 correct)
1. Very High
2C. Overdue
3C. Upcoming
4. Critical

Q: Which functionalities are supported by the SAP Fiori Test Your Processes app? (2 correct)
1. Migrate test plans for execution
2. Import custom test plans
3C. Create or change test plans
4C. Remediate failed test scenarios

Q: In which task is the preliminary configuration information gathered to help the configuration experts gain insight into the customer's current processes?
1. Fit-to-Standard Workshops
2. Digital Discovery Assessment
3. Solution Definition
4C. Business Driven Configuration Assessment

Q: Which of the following are KPI cards in Fiori app Resource Management for Projects? (3 correct)
1C. Overbooked Resources
2C. Average Resource Utilization
3C. Resources with Free Capacity
4. Contingent Resources
5. Work Package Utilization

Q: What are the available options for service entry sheet creation? (2 correct)
1. Automatic creation via the billing plan schedule
2. Manual creation after time recording approval
3C. Import service entry sheets
4C. Automatic creation upon time recording approval

Q: In the Fiori app Manage My Timesheet, which actions are possible in the My Tasks side panel? (2 correct)
1C. View the total number of hours recorded per task
2. View the approved and rejected time entries
3. Create, edit, and delete task entries for the selected week
4C. Sort by recently used tasks

Q: Which processes are covered in the SAP Best Practices Internal Project Management - Project- Based Services (1A8) scenario? (2 correct)
1. Perform margin analysis
2C. Maintain work package staffing
3. Capture service units
4C. Perform period-end closing activities

Q: What are customers able to scope in SAP S/4HANA Cloud with Central Business Configuration (CBC)? (2 correct)
1C. Countries where business processes will run
2. Public sector processes
3C. Pre-defined scenario bundles
4. Non-standard scenarios
5. Scope extensions

Q: Which of the following are outcomes of the Fit-to-Standard workshop? (3 correct)
1C. Expert configuration definition
2. Finalized scope and integration requirements
3. Identification of source code changes
4C. Extensibility solutions to close gaps
5C. Solution impact on business processes

Q: Which of the following are capabilities of the Fiori apps used in the SAP Best Practices Service and Material Procurement - Project-Based Services (J13) scenario? (3 correct)
1C. Create supplier invoices
2C. Create purchase requisitions
3. Create timesheet entries
4C. Create purchase orders
5. Create reservations

Q: What Fiori app enables the Resource Manager to monitor aggregated KPIs for the resources and resource requests for which they are responsible?
1C. Resource Management for Projects
2. Check and Transfer Staffing Assignments
3. Analyze Resource Utilization
4. Analyze Project Staffing

Q: Which of the following are benefits of the SAP Best Practices Event-Based Revenue Recognition - ProjectBased Services (1IL) scenario? (3 correct)
1. Reconciliation
2C. Real-time reporting
3. Margin calculation
4C. Full transparency

Q: Which processes are supported by the SAP Best Practice Sales Order Processing - ProjectBased Services (J14) scenario? (2 correct)
1C. Sales order management
2C. Billing processing
3. Intercompany processes
4. Sales contract management

Q: Which procurement subprocesses are covered by the SAP Best Practices Service and Material Procurement - Project-Based Services 013) scenario? (2 correct)
1C. Procurement for third-party order processing
2. Procurement of consigned inventory/subcontracting
3. Procurement of direct materials
4C. Procurement of consumable materials

Q: What is the purpose of the SAP Best Practices Intercompany Processes - Project-Based Services (16T) scenario?
1. Creation of purchase orders and simultaneous creation of sales orders in the delivering company
2. Posting of the goods issue and simultaneous posting to stock in transit in the receiving company
3C. Posting of invoices and simultaneous posting to the accounts payable of the ordering company
4. Creation of the outbound delivery and simultaneous creation of the inbound delivery in the receiving company

